README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm David, and I'm a Giant Nerd! 👋 

SVP of Engineering at [Invitation Homes](https://www.invitationhomes.com/); here's my [Manager README](https://github.com/davidaayers/davidaayers/blob/main/MANAGER-README.md).

I have various homes on the web:

- [davidaayers](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidaayers/) on LinkedIn
- [iamagiantnerd.com](https://iamagiantnerd.com) - My personal website

I enjoy [speaking](https://github.com/davidaayers/speaker-info), and have done some talks at some great conferences. I'm particularly proud of the talk I did on "[Documenting and Communicating Architectural Decisions](https://github.com/davidaayers/comm-and-doc-arch-decisions)" at [Lead Dev NYC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwfXkSjFhzc&feature=youtu.be) in 2019. I'm an avid reader of fiction and non-fiction and keep track of what I've [read](https://github.com/davidaayers/books).

In the past, I made a game. It sold a couple hundred copies. I think it's pretty great, YMMV:

- [We Slay Monsters](http://weslaymonsters.com/), available on [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/332540/We_Slay_Monsters/)

I'm a huge video game and board game nerd. Here's my [board game collection](https://boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/iamagiantnerd) on BGG.

My pronouns are He/Him.

Commit message:

Add personal anecdote to README
Added a personal anecdote about writing a meeting manifesto.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm David, and I'm a Giant Nerd! 👋 

SVP of Engineering at [Invitation Homes](https://www.invitationhomes.com/); here's my [Manager README](https://github.com/davidaayers/davidaayers/blob/main/MANAGER-README.md).

I have various homes on the web:

- [davidaayers](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidaayers/) on LinkedIn
- [iamagiantnerd.com](https://iamagiantnerd.com) - My personal website

I enjoy [speaking](https://github.com/davidaayers/speaker-info), and have done some talks at some great conferences. I'm particularly proud of the talk I did on "[Documenting and Communicating Architectural Decisions](https://github.com/davidaayers/comm-and-doc-arch-decisions)" at [Lead Dev NYC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwfXkSjFhzc&feature=youtu.be) in 2019. I'm an avid reader of fiction and non-fiction and keep track of what I've [read](https://github.com/davidaayers/books).

One time, I got frustrated at work and wrote a [meeting manifesto](mhttps://github.com/davidaayers/davidaayers/blob/main/meeting_manifesto.md) that I emailed to the CEO. Nothing really changed, but it felt great.

In the past, I made a game. It sold a couple hundred copies. I think it's pretty great, YMMV:

- [We Slay Monsters](http://weslaymonsters.com/), available on [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/332540/We_Slay_Monsters/)

I'm a huge video game and board game nerd. Here's my [board game collection](https://boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/iamagiantnerd) on BGG.

My pronouns are He/Him.
